#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
appdirs==1.4.3
    # via virtualenv
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.8.0
    # via oslo-i18n
certifi==2020.4.5.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.1.1
    # via pip-tools
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-yasg
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==5.0.4
    # via pytest-cov
debtcollector==2.0.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via djangorestframework-xml
distlib==0.3.0
    # via virtualenv
django==2.2.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-braces
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
django-braces==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-xml==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-yasg==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==4.0.2
    # via
    #   factory-boy
    #   pytest-faker
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==3.7.9
    # via pytest-flake8
graypy==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.9
    # via requests
inflection==0.3.1
    # via drf-yasg
iso8601==0.1.12
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-utils
isort==4.3.21
    # via pytest-isort
itypes==1.1.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==2.11.1
    # via coreschema
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via swagger-spec-validator
keystoneauth1==4.0.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
markdown==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
more-itertools==8.2.0
    # via pytest
msgpack==1.0.0
    # via oslo-serialization
netaddr==0.7.19
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces==0.10.9
    # via oslo-utils
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via keystoneauth1
oslo-config==8.0.1
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==4.0.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-serialization==3.1.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-utils==4.1.0
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==20.3
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==5.4.4
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pip-tools==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.8.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.16.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-flake8
    #   pytest-isort
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-env==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-faker==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-flake8==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-isort==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via faker
python-keystoneclient==3.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-swiftclient==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2019.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   swagger-spec-validator
pyzmq==19.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==1.3.2
    # via oslo-config
ruamel-yaml==0.16.10
    # via drf-yasg
sentry-sdk==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.17.0
    # via django-rest-swagger
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   django-braces
    #   django-extensions
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-yasg
    #   jsonschema
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   packaging
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   stevedore
    #   swagger-spec-validator
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==1.32.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
swagger-spec-validator==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.0
    # via tox
tox==3.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.25.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.0.16
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.1.9
    # via pytest
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via debtcollector

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
